From beautiful downtown Los Angeles,
from MacArthur Park, Hepatitis District,
the Tennessee typewriter, Harmontown, is once again in session.
For your delectation and delight, let's bring out the Game Master
and our good friend, Spencer Crittenden.
Be heathen from heaven, be heathen from hell,
the damn Elizabeth Pempernel.
Let's welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yep, yep.
MLK, MLK day.
Don't go away, it's a great day.
Honoring a man that's made lots of hay
while the sun's shown, even though it didn't.
Okay.
Yeah.
We got a lot.
I mean, I got a lot of balls opening with some rap.
Rest in peace.
I don't know if you can see there's a little sound board
and a laptop behind me,
but we're probably going to be doing some,
a fair share of hip and hoppin' tonight.
There's going to be a lot of show tonight.
It's MLK day.
Oh, Steve Levy's coming, bearing gifts.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
He's got the alcohol ice bucket.
Yeah.
We honor a man today
whose Wikipedia page is probably crippled
for 24 hours.
I know I was all over it in the green room
so that I could learn the following.
Really, interesting stuff.
I mean, some tidbits that I didn't know.
He invented the typewriter.
He had suffered from depression when he was a kid.
There's stories about, you know, that having causes.
Obviously, that wasn't a big, you know,
mental fitness wasn't like a,
it wasn't like an understood thing back then.
I do think it was by the FBI.
It's fucking crazy if you knew,
it's never a good idea for a government
to write a letter to a guy saying,
we have recordings of you fucking all these women.
You should save your, you know,
that letter that the FBI wrote to him in his adulthood
at the peak of him being targeted by Hoover.
What I didn't know and what Hoover surely knew
when that letter was sent to him
is that he tried to jump out a window
when he was 12 years old.
He did jump out a window.
He didn't try.
He tried to kill himself.
And, you know, his dad was real hard on him physically.
But his dad was, you know, kind of an inspiration to him
in terms of like his dad's personality
being very uncompromising.
It's a funny thing because here's his dad is like,
kind of not afraid to take a stick to somebody,
but at the same time,
probably part and parcel of that persona
is also why his dad would do these things like,
you know, if somebody called him boy,
he would, you know, he wouldn't lay down for it.
He would confront people or he'd walk out of a store
that asked him to go in the back and things like that.
So he's watching these two things, you know,
from this mythical father.
That's like both the punisher and the,
I mean, it's like the devil and God,
kind of at the same time.
That's kind of interesting.
Somebody should make a biopic about this guy.
What other tidbits did I learn?
I didn't know that he was born,
but his dad changed the names to Martin.
I think for him and his son,
after he went in the 30s to Germany,
and he was so inspired by the story of Martin Luther,
they actually had birth certificates changed.
Their name was King, I don't know if it was,
but Martin Luther King Jr. was born Michael
and then birth certificate was changed later to Martin,
I believe.
Wikipedia.
Wikipedia facts about a guy.
But imagine, I was realizing,
this guy watched JFK get assassinated, right?
And there's lots of quotes.
If you go through the MLK quotes for your Instagram,
you can see all the, you scroll down,
you see a fair share of real Christ-like,
going to the spiritual mattress in terms of,
unless you're willing to die for something,
it doesn't matter kind of stuff.
More than one quote about that,
you have to know that this guy,
more than anybody ever,
he kind of had to make peace with that idea
and probably going to get,
I'm very likely to get assassinated.
The president of the United States died,
he watched it happen during this turbulent time,
and it's like, okay, so what am I going to hide behind?
Just imagine that, I can't even,
did who died first, RFK or MLK?
No, RFK is on second.
I'm wondering if he also watched Bobby Kennedy get shot.
Oh yeah, I don't know what ordered Bobby and...
Honestly, once the president is just in a motorcade,
it's just like kaboom, and then you're like,
you're a civil rights activist,
the FBI is trying to make you kill yourself.
I mean, you have to be just like,
there must be almost maybe the only good news of that
is that maybe you get to wake up in the morning
so get over that or don't.
If I leave the house today,
it's because I got a mission,
because if my objective is safety,
then I guess I should shut the fuck up
and hide under a rock,
and they'll probably still find me.
This reminds me very much of Gethsemane
and that U2 song.
All right, so anyways, there's a...
Nothing should remind anybody of any U2 song.
I fucking hate U2.
Why is there U2 on my...
I didn't download it, it's on my fucking...
Oh yeah.
I don't know how to get rid of it.
It's on there like a Sharpie written on your hand.
You have to wash it for the rest of your life.
That was like 15 years ago.
I know.
I just turned my music on in my car,
and I got...
I'm like, what the fuck did I do to U2?
All right, the latest...
No, I'm not done, Dan.
Oh, sorry.
How do you hijack my iPad?
Somebody's air-dropping...
Oh, no.
It's a meme that says,
two Jews, one brain.
Oh, no.
What does that mean?
Maybe the Jews aren't as smart as the whole person?
Or is it a reference to...
Was there air-dropping you?
You know...
Was that person here?
Let's bring them up.
Why?
If you're here, I'm joking.
Oh, it's like...
Well, now I just promoted them,
but also it might be worth noting that
it's a comedy podcast.
Oh.
It's a comedy podcast, two Jews, one brain.
So now...
We assume that the titular Jews are probably
okay saying
two Jews, one brain, if they're...
We're...
I don't know.
I'm not willing to get that comfortable yet.
I'm still on edge.
I saw a hand globe so they're here,
but I'm not sure I'd want to fucking...
Yeah, I don't think that's how you should get
your podcast signal boosted.
You don't just get to be...
I think you should be targeted by the FBI
for a while or something.
I don't mind if it's a good podcast,
but I don't want...
There are people who are sitting in their seats going,
like, oh, what do I got to do?
I feel like...
A dollar, right?
A dollar, you know?
Like, what is this world where
the squeaky wheel gets the grease?
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know nice people.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm sorry.
So there's a podcast...
I'm not going to promote this shit.
That's good. I believe...
I mean, the joke's on them.
They're never going to make any money in podcasting.
It might actually be their punishment
if we direct a little bit of traffic to them
enough to keep them from getting real jobs.
And let's just remind everybody,
it's called Three Jews, Four Brains.
So go to ThreeJewsFourBrains.com
Hashtag
ThreeJewsFourBrains.com
I will signal boost a couple of things.
There's just Netflix things.
This is our next segment that we'll bring on our guests.
This is...
Dan Harmon's life now
is sitting in bed watching Netflix.
All right. Well, you got to watch
the Bravo Dirty John adaptation.
Even if you heard the podcast, it's crazy.
The Bravo Dirty John thing.
Oh, man.
Did you check it out? You watched it?
Yeah. How long is it?
What's the episode? What happens?
You need to kill it in like eight hours or something.
Yeah, the podcast was nuts.
Yeah, I mean, you could go from the podcast
to the... It's not, like,
unenjoyable to watch the adaptation.
It's somewhat more enjoyable because the thing is,
having listened to the podcast, then you know
that the young ladies...
All the actors are killing it,
the daughters, you know from listening to their interviews
in the podcast that they're not doing caricatures.
Right.
It's a really interesting thing.
These daughters...
I won't spoil the story
of Dirty John,
but these daughters are just like so...
If you wrote characters
like this in your sitcom or your movie,
they would be so...
You would, by default, you'd be like,
oh, and they're bad people just because
of the trappings of them.
These kind of like...
They judge their mom's relationships
and police them in all these things
because the mom's been divorced four times
and they're just sort of like...
They're just like, hey, I got you a chai tea latte.
Oh, my God, was he here again?
And it's just sort of like they're fully committed
to these characters, but they're great actors
playing these characters. Plus, those daughters,
you know,
emerge as heroes, which is all I can really say
about the story without spoiling it,
but it's just interesting as a writer exercise
when you're like,
yeah, there's characters
with depth that you're supposed to like
and then there's characters that are like
so fun because they're two-dimensional,
but only in a real-life adaptation
of something as a writer forced to take
people that actually sound
to seem two-dimensional
and walk them through this
story where they're
heroes.
It's a
stranger-than-fiction kind of thing.
You just watch it.
You're going to like it.
Watch it for 30 seconds and you'll watch it for 40.
I mean, that's the Harmon guarantee on Dirty John.
Likewise, the documentary
Three Identical Strangers. Check that out.
I think everybody's talking about that.
The abducted and plain sight.
Whew, doggie.
Boy, at what price, Mormonism?
Check that one out.
Just, I don't even know...
That's what I've been saying.
I have a manifesto
on blogspot.
I listened to the Elizabeth Smart
book on tape
and it's this weird double-edged sword
because the only way
she survived that ordeal was
through her faith.
She's such a resilient person
and I genuinely admire
whenever I see,
whenever in real life you hear stories about
that involve Mormonism, it's like
you come up against this, you're like
geez, you guys really
believe in God.
That's crazy how much you believe in God.
And it really gets them through
shit and it makes them
friendly and forgiving.
The forgiveness.
The weaponized forgiveness.
It's crazy.
They're able to forgive
the fuck out of things.
It's truly inspirational
to anybody who's like a mainstream
just run-of-the-mill
podunk fucking
blue pill Christian.
You gotta take that.
What color pill would be Mormonism?
You gotta take that
daffodil pill.
Anyways, but watch this.
So this documentary,
The Abducted in Plain Sight,
it's another tale of
child
exploitation and abduction and stuff like that,
but it is like only
within a Mormon community
does it seem as stuff as possible.
It's just crazy. Watch it and then we'll talk about it.
I'll give you a week.
But I did, while we were watching it,
Cody and I were talking about,
here's like a little Mormon thing.
Should there be theme music for this?
When the Mormons, when they go
to their Mormon college
and stuff and they're like regular
morning teenagers, but they're Mormon,
they have developed these,
any religion, if you're committing to it
and you're a teenager, there's gonna be these
things that are gonna develop. This is not
about judging anybody for their
faith, or
saying like, oh, those people are crazy.
Anybody, any place where there's,
if you gotta believe in God and you're
living in America, some shit's
gonna be nuts as a byproduct.
So this is not about
punching down, he proclaimed.
But it's just
weird.
So there's this thing called soaking.
So we've
heard with Catholic kids, if you're
really Catholic,
you hear these stories where like,
oh, well I'm still a virgin if we do it in the butt,
that kind of thing. So now that I've said
that, and I'm not judging like
Mormons, but there's this thing called soaking
where they're like, the kids get themselves
convinced
that, well, if you just put it in
and you don't move it,
then you're not, that's not
sex. Everybody knows
sex is like back and forth.
So if you just marinate it,
you're not, God doesn't
see that, he doesn't hear that cricket
leg.
It's like in a quiet place
if you don't move the dick.
Yeah.
I used to be Mormon and
when I was a kid, I was
Of course. He was soaking
all the time. I was soaking
to the east. I was soaking to the west.
I was soaking with
the Mormon that I loved the best.
But this is the thing, that's the thing I believe.
This is the part where I actually,
Cody and I were like, that can't be real
and then we looked it up and who knows
if you look something up whether it's real or not.
But along with
soaking comes the concept of
jumpers.
These are friends whose
aid you solicit. If the soaking
as I imagine it would
starts to become
unsatisfying
and you can
have your friends
come over
and they
stand on the mattress and kind of
jump.
So now you're
soaking. This is just
soaking turbulence.
This is science. That's all it is.
And the worst thing
that can happen is that you can become
Supreme Court Justice.
Hashtag Kavanaugh.
I mean, don't all paths
lead to Rome. Can't you at that point
if you're soaking and jumping
and you're still getting into
heaven, can't you just go all the
way with it and call the
sperm that comes out
in the event of an over
jump soak?
Just say that that sperm doesn't
count because the tadpoles
are Lutheran or something.
And just have the baby
and raise it
and say, well, you are conceived
as a jumper baby.
So you can do whatever
you want.
But you should know we love you because we're Mormon.
You can have caffeine.
You can have caffeine. You can watch
Reagan and Andy's Christmas Special
show.
I don't know if Mormons had to
is that like Jehovah's Witnesses?
Jehovah's Witnesses always had to leave
the room when we were in grade school.
When we would sing Christmas carols
and watch Christmas
shows, like when we were kids and Christmas
would come around and then the Jehovah's Witnesses would have to
go out in the hallway.
They would have to or they chose to?
Well, it's not like the teacher
was like, here's our Christ
Frosty
meets Christ
special.
Hey, Carl, get the...
No, I mean they'd raise
their hand and
maybe if the teacher was new they'd explain
but over the years it was like, yeah,
okay, yeah, get out of here.
Spoil sport. Go run the halls.
Yeah. Hey,
we're going to force people to watch stupid shit.
Go do what you want.
Jehovah's Witnesses is also incredible.
My memory of all of those kids, like
five of them in my public school,
incredibly friendly,
just non-judgmental,
yeah, it's weird, this double
edge sword of when these religions
that kind of, yeah, they got a bit of a Steve
Jobs approach as far as accessibility
to their children's souls.
Like, you know, it's like, no,
we don't want any of your viruses
ideologically or anything, so
we'll just be behind these walls
and we'll
kind of curate the
American experience for these folks.
We're not going to take part in your general
pastiche.
It produces, you know,
it's like you get your good results
and you get your swarm
of 19-year-olds
who are like on the internet going
let's compare notes about being a Jehovah's Witness
and it starts to get pretty,
that religions got PR problems.
Have I told you, Dan, like on the show
before about my friend, my Mormon friend
from high school, like the nicest family
they throw these great parties and like
one of the wealthiest families at our school
and they would throw these giant parties
and my friend Roy was like the coolest dude
and got along with everybody and
that family made such a case
for being Mormon because they were so
awesome, they were just like the most generous
lovely people. Have I told you the story about
the church sign?
There's little billboards that put out
little things that say like, hey, this Sunday
you know, like Jesus loves you
like little like placards
out in front of the thing.
Roy was the nicest, straight
A student, the most meek and mild, lovely
dude. He called
like me, I think Matt Gorely, a few other
people and said
get up and drive around town
and look at these five churches
and they had all put up
this, I don't, I forget which
denomination it is, but they'd all
put up this thing that says God cares
and
lovely, meek, never heard
it fly, like straight A student
Roy went out and changed
all of them to dog races.
He just couldn't resist.
He
worships a higher power called
word play.
But for three hours you
could drive around the wood here in California
and it was just dog races.
When he dies, he goes to heaven
and
Gabriel just
stone faced points over to this
dog track where he has to spend eternity.
It's like, you're not going to hell, but you have to
like, I hope you
have allergies.
Why are all these
these are all the dogs
these races are going to go on forever.
Yeah, you have to race every single
one of them. By the way
they age seven times faster than a person.
So you're
never getting in.
You're not getting into heaven. I've got to
restart this. I'm workshopping.
You're not getting into heaven until you've
raced every dog.
He has to race the dogs himself.
Each dog needs to be individually
raced.
But him versus the dog or other dogs racing
each other. They all have to be raced versus
another dog. I think it's better
if he has to race every dog.
Because all dogs
go to heaven and he has to race
every one of them.
It's like Tantalus or Sisyphus
or something. What about Kujo? Do you think he went to heaven?
He was terrifying.
It wasn't his fault?
It wasn't Kujo's fault. Well,
is it Jeffrey Dahmer's fault? What are we
saying?
Yes, it was Jeffrey Dahmer's fault.
What's the difference between Kujo and Dahmer?
Kujo didn't put people in refrigerators and fuck them.
Obviously, people don't do that unless they're
fucked up. Kujo is a fucked up dog.
Dahmer's a fucked up guy.
Like, what are we... I don't understand.
All dogs go to heaven.
Kujo is up in heaven going,
look, everybody, I'm sorry. I had a bad run.
Kujo killed people.
Probably a mailman,
I assume. I've never seen the movie, but
I assume the first to go
is a mailman. He killed 14
Frisbees.
God knows how many tennis balls. If you
are a Christian mailman
killed by Kujo, you go
to heaven and you're like,
and they're checking the book and they're like, the mailman's
here. Looks like you steamed
open a couple of
Clearinghouse sweepstakes
things. Yeah, I'm sorry.
I just wanted to see what they looked like
on the inside because my wife won't let me open them.
It's not like I thought I was going to
steal somebody's winnings.
You know, you can't lie up here. We can read your mind.
I accept that. Thank you.
And they're like
murmuring and he's like, fuck, god dammit.
I'm so fucked. And then you just hear like
woof, woof, woof, woof.
And you look through the pearly gates
and fucking Kujo's running around
fetching
a ball for Tom Hanks's
dad. I was just
trying to think of someone who's
guaranteed heaven. Wouldn't you ask that mailman to go,
oh, wow, if Kujo's in here
then I'm good to go. No, you're in line
getting your balls busted by the velvet
roper and
and it is like Kujo's
and you're like, is that Kujo?
And they're like, yeah, and they're like,
and you're pointing at the gaping
fucking bite wound on your neck.
Right. And Gabriel's
like, uh,
you look, he, all dogs go to heaven.
I'm sure Kujo.
Is there a comment box?
I'm sure Kujo, when he went up to the pearly gates
he got his balls busted too
and they're like, who's a bad boy?
Who's been a bad boy?
And then Kujo's going to be like,
fuck you, I'll pee on you because all
dogs go to heaven. I already heard.
Like, like, you need
you need, you need, you need
like, that's what I'm saying.
You either, it's pick a lane, heaven.
If I go to heaven and I see
a happy Kujo who's been like, who's
atoned for his Kujo
sense, I'd be, oh, this is
this is a good heaven. I don't think all dogs go to heaven.
I think they picked that as a title for a movie
that they wanted to trick you into watching.
I don't think that's an official biblical
stance. I think
dogs cannot accept Christ as their savior.
If it's
hard, hard for a rich man
to get into heaven through the eye
of a needle or whatever it is, like,
what is it, a camel, a camel
can't get through a needle
but a camel
can get through the eye of a needle faster
than a rich man can get into heaven. Well,
so that poor camel
like, well, the camel
was the camel going to heaven? No, the camel's
going through a needle.
So the camel doesn't get into heaven at all.
They just put through a needle. No, that's not on the table for the camel.
Camels go to heaven, but they're just using
camels as a metaphor. Right. Camels don't
sin, as we all know. What about camels that
refuse to go through the needle?
I think when the Bible was written, that was the biggest animal
they could think of. They didn't
know about elephants. Oh, yeah. Well, it was
the humpiest animal. Like, they probably saw
elephants, but they're like,
well, they're like, let's be clever
about this, because a camel is
so humpy that
even if you made it a big needle, it would still
be like...
It'd still be an arduous process
to get it through. It'd be like putting
a key on a key chain.
That's what they just didn't have key chains.
They're like, it's harder
for a rich man to get into heaven than it is to put
a key in a new key chain. Yeah, it's harder
for a rich man to get into heaven... If you don't have
fingernails. Than to put
your USB into any USB
port. Yeah, you have a better
chance of getting into heaven as a rich man than
you do of guessing right than when you plug in a USB
port.
This is the King
Harmon edition of the Bible.
All right, well
let's discuss it all
with our old friend, open
Mike Eagle.
What's up, Mike?
Hey, how's it going?
I think
all dogs go to dog heaven.
Oh, it's like a shitty heaven.
Well, if you're a dog, it's the best
heaven, because it's just
dogs. Well, because they don't have anything to compare to.
True.
Do you think
they achieve
heaven fatigue seven times
faster?
I never heard of heaven fatigue before.
I guess that's something
most of us assume. It's like an eternity of
anything. How many millennia
does it take for you to be like,
oh, I wish I could die.
Maybe there's a reset button.
Oh, and you can just forget who you are.
You can forget, yes. You can have
it over again anytime you want it.
That starts to remove all meaning from any of it.
Right?
Because I bet you would do that.
You would like achieve, I guess
it gets very eastern, because it's basically
like you achieve
this kind of ultimate perfection.
You need to go, well, then let me experience
and you'd go back down and be like a termite or something.
No, don't go back. No, I just mean start heaven over.
Right.
Not start life over, because that would be terrible.
I want to talk about dog heaven.
Being a game, yeah.
But it's just heaven again.
Heaven plus, yeah.
I wouldn't mind getting reincarnated on earth
if you could prestige all the time.
I don't like this idea, you know, like
prestigeing in video games.
Send me back, but give me a rocket launcher
for the whole thing.
Life New Game Plus.
You're born with a rocket launcher, so
they're weighing you and you're like, fuck you.
You keep all your experience points from your last life.
Yeah, you can now just like water ski
while you're learning.
This baby's great at water skiing.
Why? Don't ask questions.
It has a rocket launcher, yeah.
Why does your baby have a rocket launcher?
I do think we'll experience life
where babies can have skills.
It's going to be scary, but I think
with genetic engineering,
that's something we're going to have to contend with.
Whoa.
Skill babies.
That's crazy. I buy it.
Holy shit.
But they're going to be like, it's going to be
like the army reserves where the
parents will have a right.
They'll go like, getting pregnant
will cost so much money.
They'll come to you and go like, so you want to
procreate. You want to breathe some of this fucking air,
which by the way, on the Dow Jones
is now like more than diamonds.
Sure.
I don't think diamonds are on the Dow Jones, but
they're like, so you're going to bring
a fucking rando
into this planet where we're like fighting
over molecules.
What's in it for
society? And you're going to be like, well,
I, you know, Julie is
very good at painting and I created
community.
What happened
to Cody? Who's this Julie?
That was
a weird, weird
juggle of real life and then
you made it you.
That's honest though.
And then
that was Duncan Trussell and I were talking about that
where it'll be like, if you, you can like
basically sell the first
20 years of your unborn
kid's life to various corporations.
Sort of like a fusion of the
Israeli army and like
internships and like
like so that the kid, they go like, we're
going to give your kid
extra
charisma if they work
for Apple for two years.
When they from 15 to 17
and then the army goes like
we'll make them jump high if he
does it with a gun
on his head
for two more years than that.
I think the thing with the baby skills come way
before that.
Baby skills, we're just going to hope.
Is there a list of baby skills or are the baby skills
like, are they assigned at birth or
just random? You don't, do you get to pick?
I think you get to pick. I think that's the whole sales
you get to pick what skills your baby has.
Wouldn't every couple pick
like flights or invisibility?
Well, I don't think they're
supernatural skills. I think
there's skills you could already have
as an adult, but your baby
could have. My baby speaks
four languages. There you go.
That's the kind of baby skills that I can really see
happening in the marketplace.
But that's dystopic, right?
As soon as we open up that jar,
we're in trouble, right? True. The jars
kind of open though. They make goats like every day.
They make like new goats in a lab
every day. They're doing that already.
They finally did some human cloning
in China, I think recently, which is
a benchmark I've always been watching because
I always wanted to be the first person to do
a human clone. Like, I'm not a scientist
or anything. I just wanted to.
Like, accidentally? Well, no, on purpose.
I always wanted to clone myself and just be like,
hey, I did it guys. I'm the clone guy.
I'm the guy who cloned humans successfully.
Ha, ha, you know, like
an instant clone or would you just be like
60 and there would be like a 30 year old Spencer
probably that coming out of a Petri dish.
No, I'd give it a couple of years
and be like, check out this baby. That's
me. I bet you're wondering
how I got here.
And your baby's going to have the
unreliable narrator skill.
That would be nice.
I don't, I don't want to, I don't want
to, I don't want to pick baby
baby skills. I don't want either, but
somebody will.
It's going to happen no matter what. It's inevitable.
I'm kind of, I'm distracted by the thing
that you, you brought up though, like this idea
of like being in heaven and then there's this
button and you go, this
idea of like getting to a point where
you're like, I've done it all for real.
Like there's nothing I can experience anymore.
And then there's this button that says
started over.
Let me, let me be, let me be honest here. This was
inspired. I just
started watching The Good Place and I just got through the first
season. So like that kind of happened in there
a little bit. That kind of, and, and you know,
so. But it's interesting because it's like a
sci-fi or even a sitcommy
like way into like thinking about like, oh,
well, what if the God that, that made
the universe is just like kind of, yeah,
it's like, I mean, what's the difference, right?
It's like you just, you're just doing this, this weird
thing where you're like, well, it's not going to be fun if I remember
anything. And then you're like,
well, you're going to learn everything, right?
Because it's heaven and it'll be great.
Like you, if you're going to get fatigued, heaven fatigue,
you taught me that.
So yeah, that's the cure to heaven fatigue
is you push the reset button.
Yeah. You're not tired anymore because
you forgot you were tired. But in dog heaven,
you're saying that dogs, it's just
dogs, right? It's just dogs. They don't have
any buttons. But who's going to throw the ball
or, you know, do the thing?
The ball gets thrown. The ball just, they
don't care who throws the dog. It could be
another giant dog throwing the ball.
They don't care. God throws the ball.
They don't, they don't like us.
We think they do. They don't like us.
They think we're dogs. Yeah, they think
we're, they think we're like bears, I think.
I think dogs think we're bears.
I think we're bears. I think
dogs think that we're bears that think
they're bears. Right. And they think
they're the lucky dog who the bears think
they're a bear too. Yeah. But they all,
that's why dogs all get along, essentially.
Like some of them are like, fuck you,
but I think they're like, like, like,
don't tell them we're dogs! Right. That's it.
You're letting on! Yeah.
But most of them, like, when they're sniffing each other's
butts, that's them going like, do they think
you're a bear? Yeah, of course they do. Otherwise, they'd be
feeding us. And they're like, this is what bears do, right?
They sniff each other's butts, and it's just a show.
Because that's the thing in the wild that
looks the most like, in a
dog's, you know, it's like, they were
big hairy, or like weird things
that grow, like
walk around on hind legs, and like,
if you fuck with our babies, we'll
kill you. Right.
And we're like always like, gobbling
salmon out of a stream. Yeah, if bears
started, if bears started feeding
dogs first, we wouldn't even have dogs.
We wouldn't have dogs. Wait, wait.
Yeah.
If we, if we,
I missed the top of that.
If we weren't around, bears would
have dogs? No, if bears started feeding
dogs first, let's say, bears
started sharing your salmon with a dog.
We wouldn't even have dogs. Let's say
you're walking your dog who thinks you're a bear
that didn't
eat you because they thought
you thought it was a bear too.
Let's say you're walking through Yosemite National
Park and a bear goes by
and like, with your dog.
You're with your dog in Yosemite and a bear comes by.
Yeah, and the dog would be like
hey, like fucking, let's, let's hang out
with that guy. Well, that's why in bear attacks
you never, the dog never
protects the person. They're like
shit, bear war.
There's only one loser
here. I'm headed for them.
I'm grabbing the marshmallows
and I'm out of here.
This is where my four legs come
in handy. I could leg it out of here.
I just became an outdoors dog.
Commence
world's longest walk.
Right.
Okay, another scenario. You're walking your dog.
Dan, you're out in Yosemite National Park
and you're walking Harvey around.
You're golden doodle and
you see a wolf. Yeah.
And what is
I don't know. I mean, you're poking holes at my theory.
What about coyotes?
I mean, what are they
saying? We got coyotes right behind
my back wall right now. They're just
like right there. I still haven't seen
one. My dog sitter saw one
when we were out of town.
They cross my street all the time in a pack
and they come down two different streets
because they're surrounding
They're like the sharks and the jets. They're going to have
a rumble. Yeah.
You're never alone. You're never disconnected.
But it's so cramped.
In my neighborhood, some of the coyotes
are Puerto Ricans
and some are just
some coyotes are Puerto Ricans.
I guess that's true.
Like genetically and
geographically. I'm doing one
story joke. Oh, I see.
Sondheim, remember?
But they hunt
and patch and they all come down this
one street
down from the convent that I think Katy Perry bought
and
they come down this one road
and then they all split up
and they all just fan out
like the blue angels.
And then 10 minutes later
you hear the sound of an animal dying
and then you hear a bunch of people
screaming and then I open my window
and look out and you see people
just throwing shit at these coyotes
who were running off with their animal.
You can track it like this
every time? Huh?
I've seen it happen.
Where I live, Paul Rust and Leslie Arfin,
the great TV show creators
their cat got
and their dog was
traumatized by it and never got over it
because the dog was giant. The dog's like
you can eat the cat?
I sat here for 11 years
taking this thing's
shit.
Why can't I eat the cat?
There's nothing but the dog in me.
But yeah,
their cat got eaten
next door to me and the sound of it
and then the wailing of the dog
I'm helpless.
If you keep seeing this happen
where there's this dog procession
and then some animal gets murdered
you should warn people.
I see coyotes all the time
come down my street
and I'll pick up a rock and throw it
and they're like get the fuck out of here
but all they do is just fan out
and you just see them
like a black ops unit
going through backyards
and what their technique is
what I want to know is
what is a dog hearing when they hear a coyote
but you see the dogs go crazy when they hear
the coyotes start doing this thing
but their typical technique is
they'll send one stray coyote
like there'll be one
it'll start doing this thing
and the dogs are like
Do you have sample technology in there?
Can we loop his coyote or no?
Apparently they goad
dogs into
an interaction with like
pretty standard raptor
a clever girl technique
they purposely
I think that's the fanning out thing
is that they basically
they do these little
trolling and then
any dog that takes the bait
and kind of like is like
like crazy dog over there
that I could fucking talk to
about
being disguised as a bear
and then
they just fucking run up
and grab that poor little fucker
there's a dementia
addled half blind French bulldog
that lives up above my wall
where I just hear these coyotes now
and I'm like I got a broomstick
and I'm like get out of here
get out of here coyotes
I'm gonna buy
long flannel underwear with a butt flap
just to
have a cowboy hat with a brim up
and I get out you ferments
you should buy
a couple road runners
that attracts them
they self-destruct
but then you can also sell faulty products
to the coyotes
if I start like
just like you can style the leaf catalogs
like magnetic boxing glove
they're like
I'm making money
hand over fist
I like once every couple years
have a
standoff with a family of skunks
that just decide that they live
for charity this is a charity thing
it's a
where do you live
he lost Vegas on stage
he has the worst Vegas
stage show
also I can make a tiger disappear
sometimes just skunks
the whole family like mama papa
and the little babies and they're adorable
they're so cute
and they'll just be on my front door
and I just go like
late at night
just got home and I'm looking
there's a bunch of skunks just hanging out there and they see you
and what they don't do is run off like other animals
like squirrels and cats
they just look at you and like
what up
and then if you get close and try to
chew them
the adults put their tails up in the air
and they're like you know
it actually hurts to walk around with this
shit
like give me a reason
it's burning my tail
I think it stinks too
look at me sideways
just
infringe upon my
my ancient pact with
the druids that founded Las Feliz
they have like
a millennial old pagan
ceasefire
I don't have a chip on my shoulder
I have a chip on my butt that I can't wait to
fucking fire at you
did you ever see like in the nature
where they show like a skunk in high
speed super slow mo
a skunk spraying it's so gross
super disgusting
it's like snot coming out
it's not like
stinky spray or like
stone vapor it's like grody
nasty fucking
Peter North gross
we're pretty fortunate that
only one animal got that
as a defense mechanism oh my god
yeah like
it is crazy like there's only like a
handful of ways to protect yourself
there could be birds that project
how shit at you
I got pooped in the mouth
I was
moving on
I was walking down the road
walking
down the road
fucking midday
downtown Los Angeles
couldn't even get
my car everything was groovy
and I see a flight
of little birds like small little
sparrow swallow size birds little
little birds and I see a little
like a little hoplight of fucking birds coming at me
and they're gonna go up into a tree
and I see one bird and
I don't want to over
dramatize this
but I'm pretty sure this bird made eye contact with me
from the distance that Spencer is from me
but about 10 feet higher
and came down with the rest of the birds
broke fucking ranks
like feathered off of that one
and fucking pooped
like about 5 feet in the air
and it went right in my mouth
like it judged
the fucking trajectory
like an 83 in television games
no no it was like fucking
iron eagle
he just fired a missile
of little baby bird poop
it wasn't like a big seagull turd
it wasn't like a big giant thing
but it was just like the bird flew at me
and just dropped one about 4 feet away
but because of inertia
that the poop leaving the bird
is gonna carry the same speed
for the first few feet
it landed right in my bottom lip
my mouth was closed
and right there I'm like
what the fuck
that bird knew exactly what was happening
what is it with birds shit
it would be one thing if it was
either like turds
like hamster turds
or just
a glass of white goo
it's both that's so gross
and the other supernatural properties
of bird poop
it's black on
white stuff and white on black stuff
with the same bird butt
that doesn't even make sense
what do you mean?
in large poop like pigeon poop
I may be wrong about this
because my avian knowledge is not where it ought to be
oh I see what you're saying it's like a reverse chameleon
like they've adapted
just letting everyone know where our shit is
if master contrast
the brown part is the feces
and the white part
the lighter color stuff is the urine
so that bird probably peed in my mouth
birds you're gross
if there are any birds that listen to the podcast
like
your bones are hollow
so it's not impressive that you can fly
I could fly too if I had hollow bones
and I don't want them
I don't care I can get on a plane
I don't want to do that either
I hate planes
I hate ego roles
no it's just a name
I have no emotional connection to it
at all
I do want to
remind everyone that this whole
moment was started with you saying
I got pooped in the mouth
he was all enthusiastic about it
my enthusiasm
don't mistake my enthusiasm for outrage
the bird
intentionally
the birds were going off to my left
and one broke ranks and fired a poop in my mouth
or maybe pee
I don't know but all I know is
it's good luck
when did this happen
church are you still here
she fucked off
it was like two weeks ago
is this the first you're telling other people of this
I told her
I just got pooped in the mouth
is it fair to blame this
the government shut down
that wouldn't happen
if there was 800,000 people
getting pee at work
they regulate this stuff
maybe it was longer
I feel like it was pretty shut down
I don't know
the timeline is not important
what matters is that I got pooped in the mouth
birds are savage
when my brother got married
we had a bachelor party
in Balboa
and we all went out the next morning
to have a bloody merry
cool old dive bar in Balboa
and we're hanging out
and my brother's friend Bren
is a college buddy
he's the most mellow surfer dude
he's like Matthew McConaughey
he's just one of those guys
he's super laid back
and he goes out to have a cigarette
and comes back in
I've never seen him look worried or bummed out
and he comes back in
walking as fast as you can walk
without running into the bathroom
and then he comes back in
and he sits down next to him
and he picks up his buddy Mary
and he's all like
I'm like Bren what happened
and he goes
I'm gonna try to say this without laughing
I said
bird pulled a deuce on my bean
a bird pulled a deuce
on my bean
that's the way
if you're a surfer guy you say a bird shit on my head
see Australian
no
I can't say a bird pulled a deuce on my bean
mate
he's a mate after it
let's make some music shall we
can I say one more weird bird thing
I got a couple more animal things
go ahead
it was raining a lot here
in the last week or so
and I was riding around with my kid
and he goes
I felt bad for the birds
I'm gonna fly around
a falcon eagle
that's close
nevermind
I was trying to riff your son's name
almost did
open Kevin Sparrow
Kevin
a little Kevin turns to me and he says
oh no he says
he felt bad for the birds
and I was like
they're okay
you're driving
that's exactly what I was doing
you're almost mad at them
because in my heart I was like they are okay
but then he asked me why I had no answer
whatsoever
why are the birds okay are they okay
should we be concerned there should be sanctuaries
well if they weren't okay
wouldn't the ground
be covered with them
but then he starts crying
this is the confidence I had
but I also had no reason
do you ever watch the David Attenborough
life of birds thing
it's like the planet earth kind of stuff
it's called the life of birds
and I think there's like six or eight episodes
it's so good
it's just his British dating tips
oh look
look at that bird over there
I fucking like to watch her flap around
she knows what she's doing
fucking now look at that fucking bird
hahaha
boy you drink bird you fucking little
offer a fag
no but there's one it's just about the technology
of feathers and the reason
why they don't fucking have to worry about it
is the feathers are like this like
like Klingon cloaking device for water
almost says some bullshit like further technology
but I couldn't back it up
also you also said
you would see birds all over the ground
you almost never see a dead bird in the ground
like maybe a few times in your life
you'll see like a oh shit there's a dead bird
it is weird the reason why you don't
is because they're instantly
eaten by other things and because they're so
light because the bones are hollow and they're made of feathers
they blow away
yeah I bet the feather
in the forest gump
is probably a recently
also
also that feather
killed Archduke Ferdinand to start the World War I
that's how fucking rich the history
of come before and
and when it did like someone was like
whoa feather why'd you do that
think different
yeah that's great
we should use that and that chocolate box was
made out of lunar lander
how old is Kevin Sparrow
he just turned 10
that's a that's sort of I mean
that's got to be amazing I would love to have a 10 year old
I don't want anything
almost anything else I hear you
cause I remember being 10
that's going to go mimetic tomorrow
you're two years from him
chesting up on you
you're going to be like
why does that get an eye roll
all I said was good morning
in any way he can he tries to
dominate me now he just can't cause he's 10
but when he's 12 a little bit different
like the 10 year olds
first of all they play Minecraft so I'm just like
yeah
but then they just love
they love to just like talk about
lists of shit
the lapisaurus is another
I'm just like this is
something more interesting than
like credit cards
is your son a skill baby
uh
I don't think so
I think we've taught him everything he knows
either that or somebody else
what's your relationship like
are you guys pals or
yeah we're pretty cool
we are
that was a measured response
yeah cause I think it's a complicated answer
sometimes I kind of think
maybe he's just hanging around cause he's legally
obligated to
that's what it sounded like
we went to the zoo the other day and I'm like
I feel like it was kind of a mutual
I love him alright
my question I guess what I'm asking is
do you like him as a person
oh I like him a lot
he is 10 though
so he could be
a pain in the ass oh my god
yes but in cute ways most of the time
is he gangly
first of all is he listening
oh no he hates podcasts
he's not allowed to listen to this one
but is he getting gangly
yeah he is
he's a tall skinny version
of his toddler self which is weird
but he's not quite like a teenager yet
he's just a long
small child
I see pictures of myself
around that age and I'm like
I don't think our human brains
are like designed to
adorable lies
like
the day to day transition
where it's like this is the gangly
period where we're like will you just pick a lane
you know what I notice about
what I notice about him too cause
he's constantly growing we're having to buy shoes
and shit all the time he grows out of everything
his pants always get short
he's wearing the same
shirts he's wearing when he was 5 I swear to God
it's like his legs get long with his torso
he's gonna be same size
he's gonna be tall then
maybe that's all children I have no idea
when I was 10 I had like
I was really short but I giant
my shoes were like really
so I looked like I was
skiing all the time
I made a lot of noise walking around
I was like skinny and short
with like big ass feet
that's all of them I saw a British documentary
about puberty
is David Edinburgh
I don't know
I bought it in Times Square
from some guy in a raincoat
it was
it was really cool I can't
remember what it's called I saw it like years ago
but it was like
it was like
they kind of like take you through
a boy and a girl both are going through
these changes
it starts
they live next door to each other in this little
town
and then like they go to school together
and then it's like they walk you through
puberty and including
like the fact that
the boy his brain chemistry
is starting to change and so like thoughts
of like
it's like he starts like
scuffling with other boys
talking about like all of this like
weird biochemical shit one of the things
that they said was
both of them you know is they're going to bed
at night like
like when
when shit kicks in
literally overnight these changes are happening
and I think they said like if you were able
to somehow without being
a villain in a maybe
a D. L. I. Roth movie like
if you were able to like focus in on
like the leg bones of a kid at that age
you could see with
the naked eye the
like growth happening
it's how fast like like like bones are
lengthening and shit like
they wake up and they're like a quarter inch
taller
I wonder if you could hear it does it sound like a tree
this this this is just
I
like I'm going to write a book about
you
haha
matter what Mike this is this your son
like listen to your music you play music
with him he used to like my music
haha
like your old shit well yeah he's
a hip he's a hip hip no he
we programmed him with all this
independent alt rap
shit and then he like
Drake for the first time and now he wants
you lost him we lost him
I mean we lost him for a while this is his rebellion
he likes to he likes to hear the
hi-hats like that's that's what he's into
you know
that's amazing it's all about
is he musical or is he gonna
he raps he raps
he raps a lot he raps himself to sleep
every night is he right or freestyle only
freestyles he will not write a ramp or
oh shit we're gonna
ask is he good he is pretty
good he used to like not
use words so that was bad like he would just
that's cheating that's cheating
syllables yeah he would just make up enough
syllables
Ella Fitzgerald had a career
that's true but those were
those were choices
he wasn't making choices
he's just fudging it
it's kind of like
oh that reminds me too he loves
to make fun of 80s rap
oh yeah just like that
right he'd be like what is 80s
rap sound he'd be like he would
he would die in a pop-a-dop-a-tah
and I'm like yeah you're right that's it
that's a little fast
that was a little fast does he know 80s
rap he knows run
look I've steeped him in rap
but so now he has these refined
tastes where he knows what to hate on
but you say now he's into more pop he
like bigger like produced
he likes relevance like most people
that's why it's called
pop it's popular what do we think Martin
Luther King jr. would do we
think he would have been a hip hop
fan would he have been like
a crotchety would he have been like
I have a dream that you're turning that down
who like or what
you know elephants Gerald
or would he be like
he would have been very disappointing yeah
he would have hated rap just because it's not
because you see you think he was probably
because it's like I mean
it because it's like oh you should
be the his definition
of like championship was like
you're going to a school that has music classes
and you're playing an instrument and
you're conquering the system
his idea of rebellious music
would be like blues music with
curse words you know what I mean
like rap would be just
straight obscene to him but also
at that time of his life
like up in Harlem like the jazz clubs
and stuff like that that's where like
that culture
that was the dangerous part of town when he played
an upright bass yeah
yeah he didn't actually I mean
he thought he always thought like oh
just keep moving forward keep moving forward
and he didn't know like
yeah god I mean he would have wept
had he known like
the Harlem Renaissance
and like the counter
targeting and what it resulted in
I think if you explained it all to him then he would be
a hip-hop fan because he'd be like well
when you put it that way right because it's
basically like oh you can't have
you can't have music funding you can't have
an instrument you can't go to things and it's like well then
fuck you so
if he read the hip-hop Wikipedia page
right if he read as much about
hip-hop as I did about him an hour
ago I think he'd be a smart
enough guy to be like okay well then you gotta
like but I think he'd be really
I'm sorry Dan go ahead no I probably
don't have to finish all right I just thought
I think he'd be really bummed out that there was
like this that it was like oh shit there
was a counter punch this wasn't there
there was a huge one I mean it was like
the 80s were like no fuck
it was like boom it like
right when I was a kid and I was not
conscious of it but then then
in the 2000s it's like then we're learning
about it like I mean I think it was really
in the 70s I think
if you look at Cointel Pro specifically
which was like an official FBI
program it was like sent to
destroy
black uprisings basically
and they a lot of it was with crack cocaine
right and with heroin and just stuff
that was funneled into communities
because they knew that it would like destroy
people and if nothing else if you
can just if you can attach a drug to a
population then there's always a reason
to throw them in jail whenever you see them
also yeah and you turn around and make the laws
that are more specifically punitive towards
the things you've introduced into
the community it's a lot
and it created a generation gap
and a lot of that is part of
why
the rudor parts of rap music are
like they are because like this is a generation
of people who lost parents
yeah like when you see a crack head
or hear about a crack head that's somebody's mom
yeah and they just weren't around because
crack was more important to
yeah when I was in high school it was like all of a sudden
all the white guys were in the locker room
we're like we're reciting the easy
lyrics it was like this thing was happening
it was the double irony of
oh hip-hop has gone full
nihilism but at the same
time now white people love it
so now it's worth money
so now etc like it was just
fucking weird let's solve it tonight
where do you think I sat now like
obviously like
let's see who we're gonna
where
Mike when you're writing your music because like your stuff is
like poetic and funny
and
you just keep like I mean
from what I've heard like it's just like
you just keep moving and talking
are you talking to yourself are you talking to an audience
like when you're writing your stuff
are you writing just to get stuff
are you trying to
like are you trying to
tell a story to somebody else are you just talking about the stuff
in your head I think
I am trying to
entertain
but like I'm starting with trying to entertain
myself so I think I'm filtering
what I want to say to other people
via what amuses me mostly
and I think that's cool
do you think like the emo rap thing
like we probably talked about this
last time maybe and I was black out drunk but
the like
to me it's like from what I hear I'm like
oh that's kind of cool at least
like
the like
rappers that are like grinding their jaws
and going like I'm so fucking high
I'm pills and like no one's calling
me back
that it's like the more
like that's
I smell it
the
I don't know I was
like to me that
I was like
I was like oh good
that feels like not
like
that feels like one iteration less healthy
maybe than being like
here's how it is and I'm
resigned to like
I don't know it's like I statements and like
exploring depression seems
like a
cooler
thing than being like
almost I like
tricked into
celebrating
criminalization
like exploring addiction
and codependence
and loneliness and alienation is like
oh we're starting to
meet in the middle here because
white America
is now all opiated out and
like at least we can all just
be like yo fuck that
I wanna buy Nintendo
yeah and I think that's exactly
where it gets hazy right because
music is a huge business so
something it might be
might have genuine worth for us
psychologically or emotionally is
quickly co-opted
and figured out like marketed
in a way that becomes dangerous so
like you don't necessarily
just get the benefit but I think that
you know like selling art
basically you just have to contend
with those sorts of things
when you're writing
like a writing question like when you're
making stuff are you
do you just sit down pen and paper and write
or type or are you just kind
of freestyling your head and say oh that's good
I'm gonna put that in. No I write
I write, I rewrite
all of that. So it's actually pen to paper
well it used to be pen to paper now I'm typing
I hate it but I do it because I'm lazy
same thing yeah yeah
you gotta keep up with your kid too
if you use a pen he's gonna
fucking swallow you up
that's true
your son thinks you're a bear by the way
he does
we produce some stuff
because we
it started with
starburn's audio wanting to put out
like a tape of like
just the
the rapping. The rapping from the
podcast like just the raw
record just the clips which you can hear
for free if you just listen to the podcast and stuff
and the audio is whatever it is
and I think it was me
he's going like well could we if you're gonna
like sell it to people can we do
like a B side where we
bother to take the wraps
and like
re-record them and then we had to have this whole
conversation where
is our job to
make them good
because then you change everything
or is it like
when you're restoring a painting
from the Renaissance but it ain't from the
Renaissance it's from
a horrible show in Denver
but it's sort of like
we recorded
a bunch of stuff
a lot of you
what we decided to do
was kind of repeat your process
from here like you just
rap I guess what you do we don't need to sit
and try to craft a bunch
of perfect rap songs like the
essential Dan Harmon rap
experiences him just fucking rapping
right you guys have heard that I'm sure
it couldn't be more genuine
we heard it today
that's what I thought I heard a little bit of it
a little goes a long way
I like it
so we have a bunch of songs
that we made you would
rap and rap and rap and rap
and we would kind of craft these songs
based off of
what you did and I did bring some to play
should we play some I think we should
because we haven't
like one of
like Simon Or from Starburns
kind of went through initially like pulled out
all of the all of the times
like it was like rapping like there
the ones that stick out are like apologies to Denver
that's a good one
what is it
what's the one that's Funky Horns
Funky Horns is dope
Funky Horns
I really like
the song
dedicated to Marc Maron
the Funky Horns that we have
the one we always play
oh you know the Horns
I think the Horns were playing when I came out here
I think
Horns
you know what
we're going to play Funky Horns
we're going to play Dan Harmon's rap version
of Funky Horns
are you guys in studio or on stage during the show
this is a studio
this is a world premiere
this is deep in the lab
this is professional shit
I don't think y'all's butt holes are clenched tight enough
they're not
I can see
this is high stakes shit
this is like there's going to be beefs and feuds
well we're going to get to that
we're going to start with Funky Horns
oh yeah
then beefs and feuds
let's bring those Funky Horns
Funky Horns is the name of this track
you named it once and you never look back
Ryan Elder is the man put all this shit together
he's a genius on the couch
and a genius on the leather
now I'm going to use my privilege to rap
I'm going to waste your time and rap just like that
I'm going to be fat and 44 years old
and I'm going to blow my ass into a microphone
record
and fucking waste your time
just a fucking big fat white dude
fucking just talking shit into a microphone
because he can pay himself to do whatever the fuck he wants
Rick and Morty
I created
a million dollars a season
didn't earn it
Funky Horns is the name of this track
I'm going to make this rap up because
my crap is gold
I don't do what I'm told
I came, I saw, I fucked
Vini Vini Vici, your mom said shucks
fucked your mama with my understanding
fucked your mama like it was not landing
Funky Horns is the name of this track
I'm going to do an improvised rap
but I'm going to be fat
blow hard with lots of privilege
I fucked your mama so hard there was some
shrivelage of her vulva
but it was from pleasure I assure you
she wasn't going out
it hurt I was abused she was saying my pussy got
adequately used
I got inside the depths I plumbed it inside
and out she needed a rest
and she was having a tremendous amount
of satisfaction with my action
my rhymes can be predictable but so can you
if you don't like fucking my mama what you
gonna do you can't fuck my mama
I fucked that up
my mama's dead why you bring her up
fucking insensitive prick
my mom's fucking dead breast cancer
number one killer of women piece of shit
light a candle
here we go
Dan Harmon everybody
but that's really open
my eagle as
hip-hop producer because
I mean the thing is like
it's like a different split between
like it's not
I did a bunch of shit
you were like a genius
about it because it brought you in
it wasn't a job that you were like
I have an idea
we were like what if we tried to do this
how would you do it and you're
you approached it like
oh well if you're making a statue
like get the slab of marble
in there I think kind of and you just did this
bare amount of like
like chiseling
it doesn't make me a good rapper
it's not like edited to the point of
anything
I think you made some good songs though
a lot of people
that don't have any business
rapping make albums
but you actually
rap all the time
and so like you have this like
relationship to the craft of rapping
there's really uniquely interesting
and I think that like in everything
that we did we can kind of distill like
oh this is the
this is the painting you were painting
and we kind of like this you know this is the joint
yeah this is an interesting process
like talking about like whoa what
so you got drunk in Maryland
and you did this rap
but it like turned into like
apologies to Denver like I think is interesting
because
it's just a recreation
of a rap that happened in
Denver and it was like
all we were really doing
is kind of reproducing it
word for word right
like it wasn't like we did more
with it we just produced it
but in the moment it was this odd
thing it's almost kind of like a weird
like more artistic
than anything I would do if you if you let
me think about it for any amount of time
I got drunk and started doing this rap in Denver
and I just kept saying
like oh it's about the apology like
you keep saying he's sorry I keep
cause I'm rapping about pussies and
stuff and I keep but I'm also like
what it means to fuck somebody's mama like
it was not slandering
that was a show it was a prime
time soap in the
80s
I mean if you if you know
Dan Harmon rapping we know that he likes
to spend a lot of time with your mom
while he's rapping
what else you got give us give us another track
I mean you play your favorites
okay that puts you on the spot
but I was prepared
so that's that's not a problem for me at all
I am really into this Mark
Marin is he's got a this song
to Marc Maron
oh shit you got a beef with Marc Maron
I'm really into this but it's based on the one where
Marc Maron was when we came back
from the tour and we were at the Egyptian and
Marc Maron was at the show and as he was coming
up to the stage I did like a Marc Maron
rap kind of
this is sort of like a yeah we
reproduced that
I don't know about any real beef I just like this song
so this is from that show the Egyptian or it's a redo
like you did later on this is all studio
this is we did it in the studio but we're
that's a recreation of
we're a departure from
it's about to be the podcast beef of
here we go
Dan Harmon got beef with Mark
Marin Dan Harmon got beef with
Marc Maron Dan Harmon got
beef with Marc Maron
kind of on the no beef
Marc Maron
M-A-R-O-N
fuck your mama's gonna do it again
Marc Maron
when you interview comedy
people
it's enlightening
Marc Maron while you staring
me is your mama rocking
Sharon gonna fuck her like Sharon
Stone I gave her
soup my bone
then I financed her house with
alone at the bottom of the
market she got robbed
Marc Maron does that make your weenie
throb?
probably not unless you're incestuous
Marc Maron that
probably crossed a line but I don't care
because this is beef
but it was still consensual
call you out
I got beef with you
Marc Maron why you staring at me
is your mama rocking
Sharon take a knee
whatever
Marc Maron
Marc Maron why you staring at me
is your mama rocking
Sharon
I'm gonna fuck her like Sharon
Stone
Marc Maron
wine parent
should this red wine
go with this fish
should I put your mama's titties
on a separate dish from each other
my brother we got a beef
my brother we got a parent
I want beef
calling you out
quiff
Dan Harmon got beef with Marc Maron
beef
Marc Maron
why you staring at me
Toy Sharon
Marc Maron
Karen
remember Karen from
Ancient Greek mythology
across the river sticks
and now I'm crossing your mama with a boat
made of dicks
MARC is the way to spell Mark
not
where's the K bitch
Dan Harmon got beef with Marc Maron
Dan Harmon got beef with Mark
calling you out
Dan Harmon got beef with Marc Maron
had Obama on his show
so
what number are you on iTunes
who knows
they had used an algorithm
where everyone's new podcast is number one
for a week
to encourage people to be excited about free labor
he managed to get a dig
at capitalism
some dangerous shit
you crossed the river sticks
on a boat made of dicks
inspired
and fucking inspired
alright well I mean
I think it's time for some
like some freestyle
you guys gonna make some music together right
we need to play the thing that we
whatever came of the session where we did it
but I just wanted to mention the session that we did
because I kept talking about
I want to do one of these like emo things
and you're like look man
are you just trying to do like a Yankee Vicky
like thing or do you want to like do it
is that there and I was like
you know I will do it
you have to get so high
and like I got really
higher than so high
and I was like in the booth
I remember all I remember
I swear to God all I remember is
you on the other side of the glass
and I was like this joint
and I remember you pressing the button going
Dan what do you want
and I was like I want black people
to like me
why
I don't know
hopefully with auto tune
this will be good I don't know
that part didn't make the cut
just
just know that
it's not in the final version
I walked out of there and got into an Uber
and was like who am I
the song is tight
I think this song is dope
wait do you have that one
I have all of them
alright play one more of your favorites
Mike and then
let's cut some new tracks
then let's replenish the well
yeah
you probably noticed
that since your appearance on the show
I didn't exactly like
get better
like I had a
you know like a gymnast
coach coming out and like
no you're gonna do this and that
then I disappeared so you went back
to my mama fucking
you did
I'm gonna play one of my
yeah
it's called smooth jazz
I really like the song
I fucking love this shit so much
so it's all the
harmontown tracks
I don't even know if this was one
I think this may have been just a straight studio original
oh is that this
yes yes you made a song over that
right okay oh god
this is the best
here we go
oh shit
oh god
fuck
this is
smooth jazz
it's not about
fucking
it's about getting to know each other
get that pussy at rest
fucking the mom doesn't have to go fast
it could be real smooth like jazz
no tonight
it's not about that
it's about getting to know you
what's your name
what do you mean I should already know your name
okay
your opinion
what's your shoe size
alright no
I don't have to know that
I'll check back with you later
damn girl
you got a lot of hats
were you in theater in high school
smooth jazz
aww
damn what do you pay
for rent here
god damn
are these real hardwood floors
what do I mean
real hardwood floors
just want to take it easy
smooth jazz
nothing creepy
it's a pretty nice place
where's your roommate
that's cool
smooth jazz
can I grab one of these lipoys
he's up for grabs
oh shit
all you got is coconut
nobody likes him
curl up in front of the
window
you should really get a fireplace
nobody curls up in front of a window
could be a cat
it's actually colder here
less cozy
get at least a space heater
god damn bitch get a job
just kidding I'm kidding I'm not gonna go with it
can I make you a negroni
sweet vermouth
gin
compari
slice of orange but I don't have that
it's a good daytime drink
to end up doing cocaine by the end of the day
smooth jazz
oh shit
pick your mama again
he was having a new
cause you're smooth jazz to me
where's the bathroom
thank you
step step step
fully
store sound
damn let's see what this bitch has in her medicine cabinet
what the fuck
antipsychotic pills
smooth jazz
I don't care everybody's crazy
I'm crazy for you
what the fuck did I want the sane person to come home with me on the first night
you have a china
it's fine with me
and I don't hold it
to a standard
that encourages
vaginoplasty
girl
I don't care if your pussy looks like
gnarled
scrambled eggs
looks like chewing gum
so what
I'm not here to say what you should look like
cause look at me I look like
jimbalushi
I wish
bag of dead fish
I'm a big fat hairy
roast piece of shit
covered in pimples and zits
there is a difference
and you don't want to know what it is
that's what I look like
so girl you don't need to fake it
for me
anyway
wow
this is me realizing
I should have let you hear that
that was a real toboggan ride
and a satin
I mean when you preceded by going I love this one
I did!
cause as we know from our work session I just want black people to like me
you're like this is my favorite
you are one for ten million
sorry I dehumanized you
it's okay
I still feel human through it all
do you have the
the technology to
make a new one right now
I got beads
so we can wrap for sure
I think we have to
I mean clearly
I got the fire
this is maybe the most
fired up I've ever seen you
I'm ready to cross
the river stakes on a boat made of dicks
and
you sir are in luck
Dan's warming up
he's loosening up his
whatever he's wearing
is that a hoodie? what do you got?
uh oh
does some sexy happen over here?
oh shit
what am I doing?
Dan's harnesses minecraft t-shirt power
is that what it is?
oh yeah
let's see
okay I'm not gonna fuck any mamas
yeah right
should we have an objective
okay
objectives are good
what do we want to we want to solve racism
we said it earlier
yeah well it's MLK day
that's not why you have me here today
you ran into Jeff at the drying room
that's true
uh
Mike your bandaid is coming off your face
bandaid
on your face
here with open mic
gonna solve race
race needs to be solved
racism
also needs to be solved
if you solve race you solve
racism
if you just mix everyone's jism
there won't be race so we can't
be racist but
you can't have a band without a
bassist
you can't have grapes without
raisins
you can't have cranberry without
and then racists like to
separate people by the colors of
their faces
they'd be mad if one person had
straight tooth and there was another
person wearing braces they'd be like
this is not amazing
because I hate this
every hateful person wants to be
better
everybody wishes they were born in a
sweater then they would never
be cold they wouldn't need pants
every racist has a
hypocritical dance
the hypocritical dance and the
stance that they wear but I'm happy
because I also like pants or
sweaters yes that's what
I was born in if I didn't wear
a sweater I'd be like transforming
into something warm then
because I would feel left alone
like a fucking orphan
if I didn't have more
skin but that's like
a penis with a foreskin or
something
circumcision comes with a decision
but everything else
comes from derision
I don't know what that means
but when you let your mind go
you start to wrap jelly beans
and then little kids start
to scream because circumcision
is a terrible scene
but that's just a parent's
decision usually
informed by some Judeo-Christian
religion.
Did the tortoise put the hair in his place
and isn't the whole asop myth
that the slow and steady wins the race
you gotta take it slow
you don't have to be the top
of the heap right you know
that you don't have to be
like it's me against you
it could be us together
right, not white
right doesn't make white
and white doesn't make might
might just be shit
and the English call it shite
if I ruled the world
I'd get me a girl
yeah
I love the ladies
ladies
ladies and I'm rapping for the 80s
just like my kid
cause I don't like a Mercedes
I'm rapping and I'm not a baby
I'm singing lately and I like yes or no
I don't fuck with new babies
yeah
Koot Joe had rabies
foaming at the mouth and he didn't have
labies
he had a dog penis
a lipstick in a sheath of fur
sheath of fur
that was like a wolf
or a dog pretending to be
a bear to a female dog
he was deceiving her
oh shit and then it will be
a blur in my memory
I'm cold as December B
intricately I rap and do my rhymes
all the time raw as rhyme
it's never overcooked or overlooked
I forgot the fucking
symptoms or the direction that we were
going in so I'm flowing like
oceans then that's the way underground
I bring the thunder down like
zoos do too beautiful
by janelle to get cuticles
take the medicine the shit is chillable
fruitful mission split
just like decisions I'm rippin
it's free style shit it's never written
yeah it's like thinning sky
with ribbons but that's just if you wonder
but that's the one song and I can come
strong I've never been sane
drag and punch just like I'm shanglong
ain't been in the ring long I beat
my chest like King Kong
can't go back and forth with mice
like it was ping pong
yeah I'm sorry
oh shit
like shenlong
no mama's got fucking that song
oh shit not one mom
not one mom
zero mama's
holy fucking shit
fucking did it
god damn it
all right go with the flow
that's fucking incredible
going back and forth with ping pong
we'll make history god damn it
yeah you did it Mike
no he did it he didn't rap about fucking mothers
that's the most
look I heard him presale a lot
a lot of moms got fucked
matter of fact I think at one point
we were like this whole project has to be about him
being somebody stepfather
because in that way
talking to you about how he's fucking your mother
makes sense
it's very Freudian I mean
it's literally Freudian
Spencer you got some freestyle in you tonight
I don't know
I guess
I would like to hear just like a very
you know like just a Spencer freestyle
like this doesn't have to be like
oh furious yeah no we'd all love that yeah
I agree
I'd love to see that too that sounds awesome
you know yeah
yeah
Mike's picking a beat okay
you ready now let's do it
I'm ready
eggs in the morning
scrambled or fried
you better decide
eggs in the morning
there's people in line behind you
fry them in a pan
put them in a skillet
stomachs empty fillet
breakfast I'm gonna kill it
yeah breakfast
eggs in the morning
coming from a chicken
yo
how they taste
delicious
my name is MC chicken
I got a beak
and I've never licked because I don't
have a tongue and even if I did
I don't think I know
what I bid in an auction
and I'm owned by the farming industry
so my poop is part of my pee
because a chicken butt is also a penis
don't have a penis because I'm a hen
sorry to get
heteronormative
non-binary MC chicken
yo
I'm neither rooster nor hen
and I'm gonna tell it to you like I told you again
I don't crow in the morning and I don't lay eggs
and I make my own decision
and I walk on my own legs
I am autonomous I am neither
of anything I do what I do
and I have a song to sing
but I'm a butcher and I want to sell
chicken wings so that means
there's things that we have to do
that before I wasn't mentioning
that means that there are
things that are brought about you're my chicken
I've grown you but it's time for the slaughterhouse
so here we go and I'm sorry
to be a punk and to take a dump
on your dreams but there's a stump over there
and that's how I have to do I bled you
to this spot here to grab this knife
and then behead you because I have to sell
this people shit that they're loving
and turn your entire body until
like nine nuggets and that's just all
we have and you had dream stuff
but now your body and flesh is turning
into pink stuff that I'm gonna deep
fry because I seem wise and it's
gonna sell you with a big
fucking box of these fries
and you like those too because that's what
I feed you because farming is gross
but that's how we
freestyle to make it sound the most
worse
yo chicken
response
you're not blowing my mind
it's not your time to find the things that
make me surprised
that's my impression of you
my name is
mc non-binary chicken
I didn't even need your opinion
I already know you owe me and you're gonna
kill me I'm trying to explain
what happens to fulfill me before the
sun comes up on the end of my life
you're telling me about particulars that have
to do with your knife I know you have needs
you have labels and you have things
but I'm just telling you what makes me sing
and I'm trying to tell you about these wings
okay
that's the decision I've made because you're
delicious and that's how it goes
you have to follow me here
because you are the key to my personal economy
I'm sorry it's pretty weird
I don't want to have to beg but I need
your meat and your body and your head
listen rise up and I'll pick you to death
rise up
to stop you until you draw your last breath
I'm mc non-binary chicken
you pushed me so far
now it's time I'm kicking
I'm kicking down your door coming in your house
in the middle of the night and I'm creeping
like a mouse and I'm grabbing all your tools
and you put all these holes in my blouse
oh you have this sharpest mouth
oh I wasn't
prepared for this
what you gonna do
I'm not used to this
trying to creep in from my roosters
white meat, dark meat, chicken
thighs
I'm coming in for an awareness
surprise
if you walk on hind legs
my breakfast just
excuse me my name is mc
neighbor would you guys keep it down
I work in the morning
that was fun
take that
poultry farming industry
and
there was a transphobic
yeah
we like to get work done
doing heavy lifting
yeah
a vegan
trans anthem
a militant
you're getting very good at this Dan
nobody's manga
fucked that either did they
is that fucking two
still Freudian though
yeah well okay
baby steps
it's the feeling that you don't have to
lock everything down to
AB, AB, like these
metrical things
happen over time throughout the
sentence and that
you have the freedom to and now Dan's got the freedom to
you can find it
I now don't have the freedom to you can't just announce
that I have the freedom to
Dan now is the freedom to
God himself couldn't stop you from being a better
freestyle on this next one
cold
shit
not ready clear your head
clear your head don't think throw
don't
throw
do the hook
I want a lollipop
yes
damn
yo girl
sugar sweet
come get a candy
a little treat
I don't like where this rap is going
I want a lollipop
then have a lollipop
just take a lollipop
have a literal lollipop
I don't want a metaphorical lollipop
the internet has created
a situation where
we're all satiated
with nightmares about predation
we don't want to lend
to a sterile nation
every time you think of sweets
and kids you think of
predators wearing bibs
with little pictures of your little boys
and you
come here for a lollipop
I got a lot of anxiety
I'm the only sugar shop
in this whole damn city
just take a free lollipop
I'm getting so
accused
you can also have some
nerds
some turds
you can also have
a licorice
the doors lock from inside
with a button that I press
on the underside
of my Matlauer counter
and I can't let you leave until you pay your bill
and that's just standard
just gotta make sure you pay
I'll take a credit card or cash
it's the usual way
I used an expression when I said
it used to be a free lollipop
I gave them to you
but the exchange of goods and services
would behoove you
I jammed your cell signal
with my secret
candy man computer
it's in the basement made of pewter
I'm a steampunk predatory
candy shop owner
I jammed your cell signal
with my pewter
computer
I want a lollipop
and you're gonna have one
but you're gonna
not get a lollipop
well
no heroes in that story
I mean I thought
I did hear the guy in the beginning
he wanted out
he wanted out of the narrative
but then he got
he was kind of like McBeth
that sort of like
spends the first half of the play
going like I'm not a murderer
I'm not controlled by witches
and then the forest comes to Dunstan and he's like
I want a lollipop
I'm gonna be singing that the whole night
it's so catchy
oh music is evil
we're supposed to joke
there's a van driving on the street and there's a little boy
and the guy rolls the window down in the van
oh Dan knows this one
the welder mask?
no it's the candy one
do you want some candy?
he's got a kid
if you get in the van I'll give you a piece of candy
and the kid says if you give me the whole bag I'll suck your dick
I want a lollipop
everyone's a winner
in that story
tonight 4chan's a winner
4chan get the uncut version
Jesus
let's make up for that
what's the opposite of that
that one's a hit
oh people
I wanna fuck
old people now
they'll love that
yo Dan who you wanna fuck
you're the old people
who you wanna fuck
young old people
who you gonna fuck tonight
tell me how you're gonna fuck them
old people yo
the wrinkly, the better, the tighter
the sweater, the lower, the prices
the earlier, the bird specials
oh people
you need five vocals to check out this dick
up close
it's more slick
come into your house to watch
the stories
oh people
guiding light
all my children
young and the restless
illan
the quilt you made
oh people
I'm stroking your thighs
open your eyes
oh shit
you're in a coma
you can't see me
you're gonna be on top of me
I hope your shit is covered by AARP
oh people
the best in bed
you can't tell if they're about to be dead
you're an old person you don't know
because sometimes they're blue
and sometimes they just go
and they have to pee all the time
yeah
oh people
I watch CBS
yo
prime time
yo baby I wanna
kiss your head, your shoulders, your shoes
I wanna fuck you from behind
while you're watching Fox News
I wanna get up on that shit
I don't even know where I'm gonna find your tit
it might be down below your knees
or up behind your back
I wanna find you
and get inside that crack
but everything is a crack when you got so many wrinkles
oh people
oh
tell me about the depression
while I suck on your titties
tell me about making baseballs
out of balls of yarn and cork
yo yo
while you're going down to me I wanna ask you
where were you going down
in World War II
were you going down in the French rebellion
look
something's smelling
oh people smell like baby powder and poo
but that's okay
I'm cool with you
I'm gonna fuck you from the floor
to the rafter
I'm just gonna give you a hand bath after
oh people
I become you
more and more every day
every day
I get closer to you
in every organic way
I watch my nuts
dragging down to my knees
please let me
fuck an old person
yo girl
I like what they did
don't talk to me unless you got grandkids
yeah
busting nuts
busting nuts but a lot of them blank
about to turn the crank
on your eyes with your tang
let's drop this
come over here and get a piece of this
wrinkly ass
my nuts are so low they tell me when it's time to mow the grass
my fucking balls are getting
swiggy and low
yo you can
swing them to and fro I can throw them over my shoulder
and make a tie
look
you like my nutsack tie
show me more
plates that you ordered from the internet
show me
more plates that we can't
eat off of yet
princess die
Davey Crockett
that's good shit
the opposite worked
that was good
he's just beer right
actually what was the thing I started with
I never used the phrase gerontophile
someone was a gerontophile
in something I saw
what does that even mean
gerontology
people who are viscerally
and compulsively attracted to the elderly
do we
worship them as gods
in a world where we all agree
where we're like wow
pedophiles are the worst
thing you could be
do we therefore
start gerontophiles
should we build statues to them
it's more of a standard deviation
if you're on either extreme
it's probably frowned upon
I think it's like
it's like vultures
where it's like but I mean it's gotta
happen right
it's like they're doing a service
I'm not gonna do it
it looks horrible
they make a living off of it
oh they're paid
vultures they add their whole shtick
they love it they can't get enough
they circle their friends come
with friends come
yeah vultures
also vultures
solve a lot of crimes of missing bodies
because the police say oh there's some vultures over there
that's probably where the body is
I thought that was
in reference to some like
80s vulture detective cartoon
that I forgot about
I was trying to remember it
my ass doesn't let
I uh
hit a beat hit a beat
I wasn't ready
I don't think it's gonna
lend itself to a rap
just thinking about aging and I was like
you know what's the one thing that I really wish
you know I can cope with
a bald spot and like an even death
like I can't wait
I can wait I love waiting
I love playing Minecraft
and waiting to die but I
do you really play a lot of Minecraft
yeah really
wow so it's your kid that's why you're going
my kid played Minecraft
for like one year
he uses mods
mod packs you tell him to get the mods
we tried to do mods he've had it on
xbox where you couldn't do the mods
that's chump shit and then
well he was seven
at the time so
he was a chump
but then uh we didn't we couldn't
figure out how to make the mods work even if you did it like on a phone or whatever
we didn't know how like you have to do on a pc
it's hard yeah you gotta get
on a pc a real whip-ass
dell and spiron okay
and then you load it up
with a hundred and eighty mod packs
and say you can make like computers
and systems and that's just just give
me chaos and let me turn it into
order and then die like a cyber
christ
just put everything in order
slowly like create the system
do you ever stream you play in Minecraft
no I can't stream it because the whole point
is to hide
I was gonna go watch you play Minecraft one day
no because if you watch it you'll just
be like what are you doing
I'll just go to your house
I'll just walk in circles for hours
just show me
just for hours
you want to watch me
just for as long as I want to
well I'll bring my laptop
it's great do we have a guest next week
maybe
we'll rebook them
what's that
Steve's back there
well if you're available next week
I'll play Minecraft
you can watch until you cry uncle
okay I don't want you to do it in front of
people if you don't want to
no I'll let them
I'll show you my base
I'll show you my current base
like I have an elevator it's kind of cool
I really want to see it
we can put like a slow jam beat on it
and then you and I can just kind of freestyle
across it in Spencer
we can narrate
I make bases that are hidden from nobody
is it
there's literally nobody in the universe but me
but I don't bother to disguise my bases
so I fly up to it
and then the mountainside turns into a doorway
and then you go into it
and still if you didn't know
you have to walk up to this wall and then they're fucking like
I spent days making a piston powered
like thing it goes
and it pops out and there's a button
and you press it and the elevator goes down
I want to see this real bad
it's so satisfying
if I could have that in real life
like nobody would ever have any trouble for me
all you gotta do is be Batman
and just go down to the center of the earth
and there would be like three giant things
with lasers going into nothingness
and spewing out
into like an electrical
matrix
like tons of ore
that wasn't coming from anywhere
that was being hurt but it was my job
to categorize it and funnel it into systems
that allowed my base
to slowly expand
I just, before I came here today
I made a room that makes concrete
and I'm like
the day that you make a room that makes concrete
I have a concrete factory
this is amazing
so it's sand and gravel
come out of this thing and then I took the sand and gravel
and I funnel it into this thing and I make
concrete powder and then it goes into this like
fluid transposer and it makes the concrete
so then I'm like now I have concrete
I don't even like Minecraft
but I've never been so turned on in my life
I looked, I saw a thing
and I was like
what is that
there's like a guru guy
who's like a to-do guru
or something and he has a system
that's like get things done
or something like that, I said it
there's like a Larry the cable guy
yeah, get
it's done
get Erd done
I saw his thing and I was like
oh shit that's me playing Minecraft
he sells this kind of principle
where he's like
you take chaos
and you go through this process
where you just take everything
it's all about actually licensing yourself
to live life
unless you're like me
but like if you felt like you could
walk around and anything that happened to you
was therefore valuable
I think that's what hoarders are
thinking where they're like
when I watch hoarders
I'm like I'm so close
to like I could see that
because it's like
imagine where you were so free
that every piece of garbage you saw was valuable
and then you'd be like let me grab that
and then like I'll save it for later
but there's like a kink in the system
where they're not able to
just put it into a thing where
there could be boxes within boxes
and you could just like go like
oh this is my whole life
every moment that I'm experiencing
I'm in charge of it
and you're like I don't know
can you instead of like
you know like avoiding life
where you're just like oh I'm going to go back
to my laptop
sorry
I hit it by accident
what do you think about that
don't you think that's deliberate
I'm here every week
I feel like it's deliberate
I put my hand down on my iPad
and it made a thing happen
I think he gets jealous and then he like throws these weird
they're probably unconscious
but it's like he
is there a room, is there a space between deliberate
but not jealous
I know I just actually
just put my hand down on the thing
alright these kids have school in the morning
thanks for coming to Harmon Channel everybody
let's give it up for
wonderful guests
open mic
wide open
open mic is the guest I like
he comes on
with all of his equipment
he gets the whole rap chippin
open mic to the team
I'm Jeff Davis here
I'm Dan Harmon here
open mic
on a bike
that's what I like
open mic
I got drunk
it's time to go
old people
alright Zach you got a beat to put on please
thank y'all for coming drive fast and take chances
we love you
did you get any of that
it's a good show